Fix API Docs in crypto module (#22548)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/crypto/src/main/ballerina/src/crypto/Module.md

This module provides the necessary utilities that are required to hash content using different hashing mechanisms and algorithms. 

> ## Samples

Reviewer: I think we need remove this section and point it to the BBE as per the guideline.

Author: Removed and pointed to the BBE.

         password: "ballerina"
     };
     crypto:PrivateKey privateKey = 

>         checkpanic crypto:decodePrivateKey(keyStore, "ballerina", "ballerina");

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we remove these samples from Module.md and point to the BBE? Crypto BBE contains all these functions.
https://v0-991.ballerina.io/learn/by-example/crypto.html

>      // Signing input value using different signature algorithms, 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
     // Signing the input value using different signature algorithms
```

    // Public key used for encryption.
    crypto:PublicKey publicKey = 
        checkpanic crypto:decodePublicKey(keyStore, "ballerina");

    // Private key used for decryption.
    crypto:PrivateKey privateKey = 
        checkpanic crypto:decodePrivateKey(keyStore, "ballerina", "ballerina");

>     // Encrypt and decrypt input value using RSA ECB PKCS1 padding.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    // Encrypt and decrypt the input values using RSA ECB PKCS1 padding.
```

    byte[] output = checkpanic crypto:encryptRsaEcb(inputArr, publicKey);
    output = checkpanic crypto:decryptRsaEcb(output, privateKey);
    io:println("RSA ECB PKCS1 decrypted value: " + 
        checkpanic str:fromBytes(output));

>     // Encrypt and decrypt input value using 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    // Encrypt and decrypt the input values using 
```

    }

>     // Encrypt and decrypt input value using AES CBC PKCS5 padding.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    // Encrypt and decrypt the input values using AES CBC PKCS5 padding.
```

    byte[] output = checkpanic crypto:encryptAesCbc(inputArr, keyArr, ivArr);
    output = checkpanic crypto:decryptAesCbc(output, keyArr, ivArr);
    io:println("AES CBC PKCS5 decrypted value: " + 
        checkpanic str:fromBytes(output));

>     // Encrypt and decrypt input value using AES CBC no padding.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    // Encrypt and decrypt the input values using AES CBC no padding.
```

    output = checkpanic crypto:encryptAesCbc(inputArr, keyArr, ivArr, crypto:NONE);
    output = checkpanic crypto:decryptAesCbc(output, keyArr, ivArr, crypto:NONE);
    io:println("AES CBC no padding decrypted value: " + 
        checkpanic str:fromBytes(output));

>     // Encrypt and decrypt input value using AES GCM PKCS5 padding.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    // Encrypt and decrypt the input values using AES GCM PKCS5 padding.
```

    output = checkpanic crypto:encryptAesGcm(inputArr, keyArr, ivArr);
    output = checkpanic crypto:decryptAesGcm(output, keyArr, ivArr);
    io:println("AES GCM PKCS5 decrypted value: " + 
        checkpanic str:fromBytes(output));

>     // Encrypt and decrypt input value using AES GCM no padding.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    // Encrypt and decrypt the input values using AES GCM no padding.
```

    output = checkpanic crypto:encryptAesGcm(inputArr, keyArr, ivArr, crypto:NONE);
    output = checkpanic crypto:decryptAesGcm(output, keyArr, ivArr, crypto:NONE);
    io:println("AES GCM no padding decrypted value: " + 
        checkpanic str:fromBytes(output));

>     // Encrypt and decrypt input value using AES ECB PKCS5 padding.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    // Encrypt and decrypt the input values using AES ECB PKCS5 padding.
```

    output = checkpanic crypto:encryptAesEcb(inputArr, keyArr);
    output = checkpanic crypto:decryptAesEcb(output, keyArr);
    io:println("AES ECB PKCS5 decrypted value: " + 
        checkpanic str:fromBytes(output));

>     // Encrypt and decrypt input value using AES ECB no padding.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    // Encrypt and decrypt the input values using AES ECB no padding.
```
